Fix broken links (#120)
ethereum-optimism/optimistic-specs: specs/deposits.md

#### L1 Attributes: Reference Implementation

[l1-attrib-ref-implem]: #l1-attributes--reference-implementation

A reference implementation of the L1 Attributes predeploy contract can be found in [L1Block.sol].

[L1Block.sol]: ../packages/contracts/contracts/L2/L1Block.sol

The bytecode to add to the genesis file will be located in the
`deployedBytecode` of the [JSON artifact file][l1-block-artifacts] corresponding
to L1Block.sol (this link will be broken unless you've built the contracts with

> `yarn build` in the `packages/contracts` directory).

Author: Maybe just remove this link and display the path textually instead. @maurelian wdyt?

Reviewer: Agree. I made a suggestion below that I think gets this across well.

> The bytecode to add to the genesis file will be located in the
> `deployedBytecode` of the [JSON artifact file][l1-block-artifacts] corresponding
> to L1Block.sol (this link will be broken unless you've built the contracts with
> `yarn build` in the `packages/contracts` directory).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After running `yarn build` in the `packages/contracts` directory, the bytecode to add to the 
genesis file will be located in the `deployedBytecode` field of the build artifacts file at 
`/packages/contracts/artifacts/contracts/L2/L1Block.sol/L1Block.json`.
```

[address-aliasing]: #address-aliasing

> If the caller is not a contract, the address will be ed by adding

Reviewer 2: Not quite in PR, but what's `the address will be ed by adding...`
